Add Jira plugin notes to 10.5 release notes (#7841)
mattermost/docs: source/upgrade/important-upgrade-notes.rst

|                                                    | Migration times: On a system with 12M posts, and 1M fileinfo entries, the migration takes 15s. This migration is non-locking. Note that there is no migration    |
|                                                    | for MySQL deployments because this optimization is only applicable for PostgreSQL.                                                                               |
+----------------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | v10.5                                              | Both Mattermost v10.5.0 and v10.5.1 come bundled with a Jira plugin version that contains a bug causing the plugin configuration to disappear. We strongly       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| v10.5                                              | Mattermost versions v10.5.0 and v10.5.1 include a bundled Jira plugin (v4.2.0) that contains a bug which may cause plugin configuration settings to disappear.      |
```

> |                                                    | discourage upgrading to these versions to avoid this issue. If you have already upgraded to 10.5.0 or 10.5.1, we recommend downgrading the Jira plugin to a      |

Reviewer: same as in the other upgrade notes. instead of recommending downgrading we should encourage downgrading to jira 4.2.1 or mattermost 10.5.2
